we have a total of five options we're
here on one this if you do but at the
same time here's two and then I roll
over to three one more over the four and
and finds a big jump between four and
five once you get tile it really starts
to we have this garden page right here
my thought is it's causing less than
Eddie or the Whirlpool current in here
now slows it down a little bit just
putting these two pieces of plywood up
here is this kind of a slosh guard I
could always fill more water in here
because we're losing a little bit kind
of are in this area here that mini Kota
it's a classic 28 in fact I think 28
indicates the amount of pounds I
measured in pounds of thrust reverse
forward it does have a gauge on here
just interesting here it indicates that
on this power of five actual on right
now they'll go 2.5 hours
what's deceiving is it doesn't indicate
the size of the battery this happens to
be a they call a deep cycle battery
which is what they use more commonly and
like golf carts and stuff like that I
don't know if this is based on one of
those sorts of batteries which i think
is encouraged with this sort of motor or
if it's a a car battery which is cold
cranking amps is my understanding this
doesn't have too many cold cranking amps
because it's not it's not required that
this starts a car this is my clear golf
carts driving like solar panels and such
like that it's made for just to continue
a slow it should last longer than a car
battery which is focused more on cold
cranking amps to start the car in the
morning when it's cold
this is continuing to hit a couple
different angles here for you
I believe we started about 315 so here
now about a little over a half an hour
3:45 into it it sounds about exactly the
same our water levels fluctuated a
little bit I haven't added any more
water but looks like the same amount of
thrust will go down here and look at
this I have noticed this sounds louder
almost like there's more thrust that
sounds about the same I'll have to
compare it 45 minutes coming up the core
block the only variable here is that the
water level is a little less no we just
started filling the water but you want
to check with water line right there by
on day 2 of testing out this MinnKota
it's still you know what it doesn't have
the same sound I've elevated the water
level here for a little bit so it's less
of that kind like a slurping sound with
the Eddy little whirlpool here but this
is day 2 it still seems to be going I
consider strong ok maybe not as much
gussto as it was originally we're gonna
go ahead and shut it down for now and
then maybe just do a few of the tests
later on so I'm gonna guess almost three
hours still has plenty of for us plenty
of kick it looks like we could see down
here and here down here and I almost say
no matter the water level in here it
sounds almost about the same as when
they first introduced the motor to the
tub here quickly
we actually reverse the polarity on the
battery when going forward is actually
reversed when reverse was actually
forward we're gonna do that one more
time that was sure interesting but
there's one ok here now again is to now
we have three Wow
yeah I'm definitely seeing at least
about the amount of force that was on
five at the two hours here's four
that's about the same and they go to
five